



Network Working Group                                      D. Avrilionis
Internet-Draft                                            Compellio S.A.
Intended status: Informational                               T. Hardjono
Expires: 21 August 2025                           MIT Connection Science
                                                        17 February 2025


              Asset Schema Architecture for Asset Exchange
         draft-avrilionis-satp-asset-schema-architecture-latest

Abstract

   A management architecture for asset schemas and profiles is needed to
   enable entities in the tokenized assets ecosystem to instantiate
   tokens within one or more asset networks.  An asset network may be
   constrained to support only a select class or type of token to be
   present in the network.  In the SATP protocol, the receiving gateway
   at the destination network is assumed in its preparatory stages to
   evaluate the transfer request of a tokenized asset from the sending
   gateway at the origin network.  In order to evaluate the proposed
   transfer, the receiving gateway must have access to the asset
   definition schema upon which the token was based in the origin
   network.  The current document discusses the management architecture
   for the asset definition schema and the schema-profiles derived from
   the definition schema.

Editorial Note

   Discussion of this draft takes place on the SATP mailing list
   (sat@ietf.org), which has its home page at
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/wg/satp/about/.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 21 August 2025.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2025 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  Terminology
   3.  Basic Concepts
     3.1.  Goal of asset schema management architecture
     3.2.  Semantic consistency of asset-tokens
     3.3.  Artifacts enabling the tokenization
     3.4.  System components enabling the tokenization
   4.  Component architecture for asset artifacts and asset schema
           management
     4.1.  Registries
     4.2.  Registry usage
     4.3.  Registry governance
     4.4.  DAR issuance
   5.  Gateways and Cross-Network Asset Transfers
     5.1.  Pre-Transfer Validation
     5.2.  Validating Asset Metadata Artifacts
   6.  Working with Registries
   7.  References
   Authors' Addresses

1.  Introduction

   One of the significant challenges facing many decentralized asset
   networks is the compatibility of the token as the digital
   representation of value (i.e., asset).  The recent EU MiCA Regulation
   [1] recognizes asset-referenced tokens (ART) as a means to represent
   real-world assets (RWA) that are located outside the network and pre-
   exists before the token is instantiated on the network.

   However, currently, there are no technical mechanisms to digitally
   express the definition of tokenizable assets.  Such a definition is
   relevant for asset transfer protocols such as SATP [2] that utilize
   gateways to transfer tokenized assets from one network to another.
   This is because if an asset (value) is to be transferable across
   distinct networks then both networks must share a common definition
   of what constitutes a tokenizable asset.

   The semantic definition of the tokenizable real-world assets is
   referred to as the asset definition schema (or “asset schema” for
   short).  Certain industry verticals or narrow use cases may define a
   subset of the larger asset definition schema.  These derived schemas
   are called schema-profiles (or simply “profile”).

   There are currently no protocols for the management of these asset
   schemas and profiles that can be utilized by gateways to retrieve and
   validate schemas, before executing the secure asset transfer
   protocol.

   A management architecture for asset schemas and profiles must include
   mechanisms to enable designated authorities in a jurisdiction or
   community to publish an asset definition schema in such a way that is
   easily accessible.  Furthermore, the schema management architecture
   must provide standard protocols to enable any entity or community to
   easily derive narrower profiles and enable them to mint tokens that
   are compliant with the profile and thus to the asset definition
   schema.  This approach enables an equivalent comparison between two
   tokens in different networks to be performed if they are compliant to
   the same schema-profile.

   An asset schema management architecture should provide a logical
   arrangement of the roles, functions and the interaction flows of the
   entities and asset-related Artifacts within the ecosystem.

2.  Terminology

   Real World Asset (RWA)
      This is the asset in the real-world whose value pre-exists before
      they are tokenized.  A given RWA may be a physical asset (e.g.
      commodities, oil, gold) or it may be a digital-only asset (e.g.
      digital-only artwork).  Any discrete object that bears economic,
      cultural, intellectual or any other form of value can be
      considered an RWA, making it subject to identification, ownership
      or trade among physical persons or legal entities.  A physical
      asset exists physical world in a non-digitized form.

   Asset Definition Schema (or Asset Schema)
      This is a data structure that defines the class or type of real-
      world assets (RWA) in a jurisdiction or community that can be
      tokenized.  It defines the structure and the legal elements and
      attributes of an asset token.

   (Asset) Schema-Profile (or Profile)
      This is a data structure that is a subset of an Asset Definition
      Schema that is relevant to a given industry or vertical.  A
      profile must include a reference to the parent schema from which
      it was derived.  A profile may be published by the same entity as
      the Asset Schema Authority, or it may be published by a different
      entity.

   Asset Schema Authority (ASA)
      This is a legal entity in a jurisdiction that is recognized by
      other entities in the ecosystem as being the competent authority
      to publish one or more asset schemas under a given namespace.

   Digitized Asset Record (DAR)
      A digital representation (data structure) of a real-world asset
      that is primarily stored off-network or off-chain (e.g.
      traditional centralized depositories, registries, etc.).  It is
      static information that is independent of the mechanism used to
      store it.  In some cases, the DAR may be a digitized version of an
      existing paper certificate (note).  For convenience, a digitized
      asset record may be copied onto the ledger of a given network for
      ease of accessibility (e.g.  accessible smart contract), but its
      utility is independent of any technology used to store it.  A DAR
      may hold reference to attestations issued by one or more Asset
      Record Authority.  In the context of SATP, a DAR is typically
      hosted in a Network - a DAR is what is often quoted as "asset" in
      SATP Core.

   Asset Record Authority
      This is a legal entity in a jurisdiction that is recognized by
      other entities in the ecosystem as being the competent authority
      to attest to the existence of the real-world asset being
      represented as a DAR.  Examples of asset record authorities
      include the traditional centralized certificates depository (e.g.
      DTCC, Clearstream, Euroclear), municipal land registries, and
      others [3].

   Tokenized Asset Record (TAR)
      This is a data structure used to instantiate (“tokenize”) a RWA
      based on both the DAR and the Schema-Profile that the creator of
      the token claims adherence to.  The TAR must “point to” (carry
      references to) both the DAR (which states that the real-world
      asset truly exists) and the Schema-Profile (that defines the
      semantic and legal recognition) of the tokenization process.  A
      TAR is stored in a registry and must be accessible to processes
      that mint the Asset-Token, because the record provides the
      semantic meaning of the Asset-Token.  We refer to the TAR as
      “smart pointer” because it maintains one-to-one mapping with a
      DAR.  A TAR does not carry ownership information.  In the context
      of SATP, a DAR is typically recorded in a Registry - a TAR is part
      of the SATP transfer context established during SATP Setup stage
      (a.k.a "Stage 0").  A TAR has a standardized identification format
      so Gateways have a uniform way to identify assets, independently
      from the specific DAR identification method used in each Network.

   Asset-Token (or Token)
      This is the data structure on the network (i.e. on-chain) that
      represents the real-world asset through its association with the
      TAR and DAR based on the Schema-Profile.  A given asset token must
      have a permanent immutable link (reference) to a tokenized asset
      record because the record provides the semantic context behind the
      asset token.  Since the asset token is an on-chain construct, it
      can be managed by a smart contract or other similar programs that
      interact with the ledger of the network.  Any SATP gateway or any
      entity that views a given asset token must be able to fetch the
      corresponding tokenized asset record and schema-profile in order
      to validate the legitimacy of the asset token.

   Asset Provider
      This is the party (person or legal entity) in a jurisdiction or
      community that issues an Asset-Token based on a TAR and the
      related Schema-Profile.

   Token Issuance Authorization
      In some jurisdictions, the Asset Provider may be required to
      obtain authorization from one or more Asset Schema Authorities in
      that jurisdiction to create (mint) Asset-Tokens on a network.  An
      issuance-authorization protocol must be utilized that provides
      proof that the Asset Provider obtained authorization.

   Asset Metadata Artifacts (or Asset Artifacts)
      For simplicity, the schemas, profiles, tokenized asset records,
      and other data structures that assist in the creation and
      management of asset-tokens on the network are referred to as
      asset-related artefacts (metadata).  Being metadata, the artefacts
      exclude the asset token itself.

   Artefacts Registry (or Registry)
      This is a location on the Internet or on other asset-related
      networks and systems where the Asset Metadata Artifacts can be
      registered and obtained (fetched).  This includes services where
      the artefact's integrity (signature) and author source
      authenticity can be verified.  SATP gateways utilize the
      registries to retrieve (fetch) and/or validate a given asset
      schema or profiles derived from that schema.

   Asset-related Network (or Network)
      Any system that maintains DARs.  A Network can be based on DLT
      technology, it can be a traditional application running as SaaS
      software, or it can be a stand-alone enterprise application.

   Gateway
      A software system that implements the SATP protocol to transfer
      assets between two Networks.  Transfers are based on tokenized
      assets where validations can occur before the execution of the
      transfer, to ensure consistency.

3.  Basic Concepts

3.1.  Goal of asset schema management architecture

   When a given Asset Provider seeks to tokenize a real-world asset
   (RWA) on a given network, contextual information must accompany and
   guide the token creation process.  This background contextual
   information consists of a range of data and artefacts that may exist
   on-network (on-chain) and off-network (off-chain).  Access to the
   relevant artifacts enable other entities in the tokenized assets
   ecosystem to validate the economic value represented by the asset
   token.

   The need for data and artefacts to support the legal standing of an
   asset token in a jurisdiction means that these artefacts are as
   crucial as the token itself, and therefore the proper management of
   these artefacts using standardized mechanisms is core to the value
   proposition of the tokenized assets ecosystem.

   Thus, the goal of an asset schema management architecture is to
   provide secure, persistent and reliable management of the relevant
   data and artefacts so that Asset-Tokens can be created, traded and
   decommissioned with transparency and consistency across networks
   globally.

3.2.  Semantic consistency of asset-tokens

   In order for communities to accept the tokenized representation of
   real-world assets, there must be an agreed syntax and semantic
   definition of what constitutes a tokenizable real-world asset.  An
   agreed definition enables a token in one network to be acceptable in
   a different network, and therefore transferrable across networks.  A
   disciplined and structured approach to defining the semantics of
   tokenizable real-world assets is therefore fundamental to the
   viability of a tokenized assets ecosystem.

   The term used to refer to this semantic definition is the Asset
   Definition Schema (or simply Asset Schema).  Similar to other data
   schemas (e.g. JSON schema, DTD in XML), the asset-schema, in addition
   to other processing properties/capabilities, defines the structure
   and the legal elements and attributes of an asset token such that the
   token is legally accepted as a financial instrument in a given
   jurisdiction.  For certain industry verticals that are concerned only
   with specific types or classes of real-world assets, a subset of the
   Asset Schema.  We refer to this subset as the Schema-Profile (or
   simply as the asset “profile”).

   In order for Asset Schema to be acceptable to a community of
   stakeholders, the Asset Schema must be agreed upon by the community
   and be published (digitally signed) by an authority that is accepted
   by the community.  This authority is referred to as the Asset Schema
   Authority (ASA).  Similarly, a Schema-Profile must be published by
   the appropriate authority in the industry or vertical that utilizes
   that profile.  How these authorities are selected and governed is
   outside the scope of this document.

3.3.  Artifacts enabling the tokenization

   For a real-world asset (RWA) to be represented as a token on a
   network (i.e. "on-chain") based on an Asset Schema and Schema-Pofile,
   there are several supporting data structures or “artifacts” that must
   be created, published and managed over time:

   (a)  Evidence of the existence of the physical real-world asset: A
        record of the existence of the real-world asset must be
        produced, digitized, and signed by the relevant entity that
        attests to the record.  This entity is referred to as the Asset
        Record Authority, while the record is referred to as the
        Digitized Asset Record (DAR).  Such DAR must be able to be
        stored off-network (off-chain) or on-network (on-chain), without
        affecting the veracity of the claims or assertions made in the
        record.

   (b)  Binding of the record to the schema: A DAR can be represented as
        an Asset Token (i.e. it is tokenizable) only in the context of
        an Asset Schema or Schema-Profile.  In other words, tokenization
        only makes logical sense if sufficient data about the structure,
        legal elements and attributes (following the structure of the
        Schema) is defined for the type of asset listed in a record
        holding all these data.

        The binding between a Schema-Profile and the DAR (in order to
        mint a token) is referred to as the Tokenized Asset Record
        (TAR).  The TAR can be said to be a “smart pointer” because it
        must carry a reference (pointer) to both the Schema-Profile and
        the DAR.  In other words, the TAR is the data structure that
        enables the creation (minting) of the Asset Token.

        Both of these references/pointers must be resolvable, and the
        relevant data structures at the endpoint of the references must
        be signed and be current/fresh (i.e. not expired).  The TAR is
        stored in a Registry Service because it contains static artefact
        information, and unlike the asset token it does not carry
        ownership information (i.e. not tradeable).

   (c)  Transitivity conferred value to an Asset-Token by the TAR:
        Within a Network (on-chain), an Asset-Token must reference
        (point to) a corresponding TAR because the record is the
        technical means by which economic value is conferred upon the
        on-chain Asset-Token.

        Thus, one can say that the economic value of the RWA is
        conferred transitively to the asset token from the DAR through
        the TAR.  The TAR is the middleman construct that holds things
        together.

   (d)  Asset-token as the ownership mechanism: The ownership of the
        tokenized RWA is defined through the control of the Network of
        the Asset-Token.  Usually, this entails control over the public
        key pair (address) on the network associated with the Asset-
        Token.

        Thus, one can say that the economic value of the RWA is
        conferred transitively to the asset token from the DAR through
        the TAR.  The TAR is the middleman construct that holds things
        together.


                  |               |
                  |               | +---------+
                  |               | | Asset   |
                  |               | | Schema  |
                  |               | +---------+
                  |               |      ^
                  |               |      |
                  |               |  Ref |
                  |               |      |
      +------+   Ref  +------+   Ref  +------+   Ref  +-------------+
      | RWA  | <----- | DAR  | <----- | TAR  | <----- | Asset-Token |
      +------+    |   +------+    |   +------+        +-------------+
                  |               |
                  |               |
      Off-line    |    Network    |    Registry


                          Figure 1: Basic concepts

3.4.  System components enabling the tokenization

   In order for a real-world asset (RWA) to be represented as a token on
   a network (i.e. “on-chain”) based on an asset schema and profile,
   there are several supporting data structures or “artefacts” that must
   be created, published and managed over time.

   Asset Schema Authorities as well as Asset providers (collectively
   referred to as “Parties”) are defined by way of a digital record call
   “Party Definition”. A Party Definition should contain at least a
   cryptographic public key that would be used by the party for any
   proof operation related to creating Asset artefacts.  However, to
   ensure immutability of the identity of a Party, the identifier of a
   Party Definition should not be derived from any Party key pair (for
   example, in order to avoid modification of the identity of the Party
   in case of key rotation).

   Asset Providers can request a Token Issuance Authorisation from the
   relevant Asset Schema Authority at any time.

   Token Issuance Authorisations may be valid for a given period (e.g.
   like SSL/TLS certificates, or oauth2.0 tokens).

4.  Component architecture for asset artifacts and asset schema
    management

4.1.  Registries

   Registries, Networks and Gateways are system components that
   participate in asset transfers.  Among these three components, the
   Registry plays a central role in the management of asset artifacts
   and asset schemas.

   Registries are acting as persistent storage locations for Asset
   Schemas, Asset Schema Profiles, Asset Providers, Asset Schema
   Authorities and Tokenised Asset Records.

   Asset Schemas (or Schema-Profiles), once registered, cannot be
   removed.  New versions are appended in the Registry without removing
   previous versions (append-only principle).

4.2.  Registry usage

   Asset Schema Authorities as well as Asset providers can freely
   register themselves in a given Registry without any permission from
   any other central organization.

   Updates of a Party Definition are append-only.  Party Definitions may
   contain new as well as revoked public keys.  It may also contain
   integrity keys (see below).  Appends are transactions that are signed
   using the private key of the Party.

   Key rotation is done by appending a new Party Definition containing
   the new key, and subsequently, a new update of the Party Definition
   revoking the old public key.

   New Asset Schemas/Profiles (or new versions of existing Asset
   Schemas/Profiles) can be appended to the Registry by any Party
   without previous authorisation by any other Party.  As part of its
   Definition, an Asset Provider can self-declare several key pairs that
   would be used as integrity verification keys for Tokenized Asset
   Records.

   When issuing a Tokenized Asset Record, an Asset Provider should sign
   that record data with an integrity key.  Integrity keys are declared
   as part of an Asset Provider Definition

   A Token Issuance Authorisation Request (TIAR) is created by an Asset
   Provider (i.e. signed by the private key of the Asset Provider).  It
   is a data structure containing information about an Asset Provider
   including a cryptographic public key (that is part of its Asset
   Provider Definition), a reference to a Network (a Network ID), and a
   reference to the Asset Schema-Profile (an Asset Schema-Profile ID).
   (note: A TIAR is similar to a Certificate Signing Request in the
   context of SSL)

   The TIAR becomes a Token Issuance Authorisation (TIA) when signed by
   an Asset Schema Authority.  TIAs allow Asset Providers to issue TARs
   in a specific Registry, which are valid for a given Asset Schema
   Profile.

   Note: It is assumed that the Asset Provider holds the authorisation
   from an Asset Record Authority to issue DARs in a given network.
   This authorisation is eventually part of the attributes of the DAR.
   Issuance of DAR authorisations is outside of the scope of the present
   draft.

   Based on the TIA the Asset Provider Issues a TAR in the given
   Registry.  Such TAR contains references to the underlying Digitised
   Asset Record, the specific Asset Schema-Profile as well as to the
   TIA.

4.3.  Registry governance

   The current draft does not impose the existence of a central
   Registry.  Many different registries may exist either in the same or
   in different jurisdictions.  Asset Schema Authorities as well as
   Asset providers can freely register themselves at a given Registry
   without any permission from any central organisation.  Asset
   Providers can request an Asset Issuance Authorisation from the
   relevant Asset Schema Authority at any time.

4.4.  DAR issuance

   In order for an Asset Provider to issue valid DARs and related TARs a
   series of processing steps occur.  Before such processing sequence
   the following initial state must exist:

   *  The Asset Schema Authority is self-declared in the Registry

   *  The Asset Provider is self-declared in the Registry

   *  The Asset Schema (Profile) is issued and stored in the Registry by
      the Asset Schema Authority

   *  It is also assumed that the Asset Provider holds an authorisation
      to issue DARs in the given Network

   Given the above initial state, the processing sequence is described
   in the sequence diagram below:

   1.  The Asset Provider fetches the definition of the Asset Schema
       Authority related to a given Asset Profile from the Registry

   2.  The Asset Provider submits a Token Issuance Authorization Request
       (TIAR) for the given Asset Profile to the Asset Schema Authority

   3.  Assunming there is approval of the TIAR from the The Asset Schema
       Authority, the Asset Schema Authority registers the Token
       Issuance Authorization in the Registry

   4.  The TIA is then delivered to the Asset Provider

   5.  The DAR is created in the given Network (This step is optional,
       as the DAR might have already been created)

   6.  The TAR is issued on the given Registry


  +----------------+    +------------------------+    +----------+    +---------+
  | Asset Provider |    | Asset Schema Authority |    | Registry |    | Network |
  +----------------+    +------------------------+    +----------+    +---------+
         |                         |                      |               |
         |                         |                      |               |
         | 1. Fetch Authority Definition for Asset Profile
         |-------------------------|--------------------->|               |
         |                         |                      |               |
         | 2. Submit TIAR for Asset Profile
         |------------------------>|                      |               |
         |                         |                      |               |
         |                         | 3. Register TIA
         |                         |--------------------->|               |
         |                         |                      |               |
         |  4. Deliver TIA for given Asset Profile
         |<------------------------|                      |               |
         |                         |                      |               |
         | 5. Issue DAR (if not already created)
         |-------------------------|--------------------->|-------------->|
         |                         |                      |               |
         | 6. Issue TAR with Refs to DAR, Asset Profile and TIA
         |-------------------------|--------------------->|               |
         |                         |                      |               |

                        Figure 2: DAR Issuance

5.  Gateways and Cross-Network Asset Transfers

   The SATP Architecture defines a secure asset transfer protocol
   between networks, where the transfer is performed by peered gateways
   using the burn-mint paradigm and the classic two-phase commit
   protocol.

5.1.  Pre-Transfer Validation

   An important requirement for the recipient gateway (G2) at the
   destination network (NW2) is to validate that the asset-token (AT1)
   to be transferred via the sending gateway (G1) in the origin network
   (NW1) satisfies several requirements.

   The validation of these requirements must occur pre-transfer before
   the first stage of the transfer commences.  This preparatory stage is
   referred to as Stage-0 in the SATP Architecture [REF?].  Some of the
   information to be validated includes identity of originator and
   beneficiary, the destination address at the destination network
   (NW2), and asset-related information.

   With regard to asset-related information, the recipient gateway (G2)
   must verify that the Asset-Token (AT1) in the origin network (NW1) is
   recognized within the destination network (NW2).  This means that
   gateway G2 must obtain the relevant artifacts pertaining to the asset
   token AT1.

5.2.  Validating Asset Metadata Artifacts

   As part of the pre-transfer preparatory stage (Stage-0), gateway G1
   must deliver metadata that is present within the asset token AT1 to
   gateway G2.  However, since network NW1 may be private/closed, this
   means that gateway G2 may be unable to access the ledger on network
   NW1 and thus must rely on the information within the Transfer
   Proposal Claims (carrying this metadata) from gateway G1.  This is
   one reason why the Transfer Proposal Claims (in SATP-Core protocol)
   must be digitally signed gateway G1.

   The following is a list of tasks related to the proposed transfer of
   asset token AT1 from the origin network NW1 to the destination
   network NW2:

   (a)  Delivery of reference values of asset-token AT1 in network NW1:
        The gateway G1 must deliver a copy of the references found in
        the asset-token AT1 to gateway G2.  Notably, this includes the
        reference to the TAR that underlies Asset-Token AT1.

   (b)  Validating Tokenized Asset Record (TAR1) corresponding to asset-
        token AT1: Upon receiving the reference to the Tokenized Asset
        Record, the gateway G2 must resolve (de-reference) the reference
        to the correct Registry Service (RG1) where the Tokenized Asset
        Record (TAR1) is stored.  Gateway G2 then fetches a copy of the
        TAR1 from the Registry Service (RG1) and validates the signature
        of on TAR1.

   (c)  Validating Schema Profile (SP1) corresponding to Tokenized Asset
        Record (TAR1): Since the Tokenized Asset Record (TAR1) carries a
        reference to the Schema Profile (SP1), gateway G2 must use that
        reference to fetch a copy of the Schema Profile SP1 from the
        correct Registry Service (RG0).

   (d)  Policy Verification of Schema Profile SP1: Using the Schema
        Profile SP1 obtained from Registry Service RG0 the gateway G2 is
        now able to compare the asset definitions found in SP1 against
        its own network-wide policies regarding asset types and classes
        permitted to enter the destination network NW2.

6.  Working with Registries

   Below we give a list of elements that must be considered when working
   with Registries

   *  Any Party (Asset Provider or Asset Schema Authority) appears in
      the Registry via a “Party Definition” record.  Such self-declared
      Party Definition (Asset Provider Definition or Asset Schema
      Authority Definition) should contain a cryptographic public key
      that would be used by the party for any proof operation related to
      creating Asset Schemas and Asset Instances (see below).

   *  The identifier of a Party Definition should not be derived from
      any Party key pair.

   *  Updates of a Party Definition are append-only.  Party Definitions
      may contain new as well as revoked public keys.  It may also
      contain integrity keys (see below).  Appends are transactions that
      are signed using the private key of the Party.

   *  Key rotation is done by appending a new Party Definition
      containing the new key, and subsequently, a new update of the
      Party Definition revoking the old public key.

   *  New Asset Schemas/Profiles (or new versions of existing Asset
      Schemas/Profiles) can be appended in the Registry by any Party
      without previous authorisation by any other Party.

   *  As part of its Definition, an Asset Provider can self-declare
      several key pairs that would be used as integrity verification
      keys for Digitized Asset Records and Tokenized Asset Records.

   *  When issuing a TAR, an Asset Provider should sign the TAR data
      with an integrity key.  Integrity keys are declared as part of an
      Asset Provider Definition.

   *  A Token Issuance Authorisation Request (TIAR) is created by an
      Asset Provider (i.e. signed by the private key of the Asset
      Provider).  It is a data structure containing information about an
      Asset Provider including a cryptographic public key (that is part
      of its Asset Provider Definition), a reference to a Network (a
      Network ID), and a reference to the Asset Schema (an Asset Schema
      ID). (note: A TIAR is similar to a Certificate Signing Request in
      the context of SSL).

   *  The TIAR becomes a Token Issuance Authorisation (TIA) when signed
      by a key belonging to the Asset Schema Authority (Such key is part
      of the Asset Schema Authority Definition).

   *  Any third party can verify the validity of a DAR or a TAR as they
      are publically available and can be retrieved from the related
      Registries and Networks.

   *  Any third party can verify the validity of a DAR or a TAR as they
      are publically available and can be retrieved from the related
      Registries and Networks.

   *  An Digitized Asset Record is valid when all the following
      conditions apply (assuming a given Network and Registry):

      -  The Tokenized Asset Record associated to the Digitized Asset
         Record is signed by an integrity key of a given Asset Provider.

      -  The integrity key can be found in the Asset Provider Definition
         of the Asset Provider.

      -  A TIA related to the Asset Schema of that TAR is linked/
         embedded to the TAR.

      -  The TIA contains the public key of the Asset Provider.

      -  The Asset Schema Authority that has signed the TIA has also
         created the Asset Schema/Profile (or the specific Asset
         Schema/{Profile version).

7.  References

   [1]        European Parliament, "MiCA Regulation", 2022,
              <https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/
              TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A52020PC0593>.

   [2]        Hardjono, T., "SATP Architecture", Work in Progress,
              Internet-Draft, draft-SATP, 2022,
              <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-SATP>.

   [3]        Clearstream, D. E., "Advancing the Digital Asset Era,
              Together: An Industry Paper from DTCC / Clearstream /
              Euroclear", 2023, <https://www.dtcc.com/-
              /media/Files/Downloads/WhitePapers/FMI-Standards-WP.pdf>.

Authors' Addresses

   Denis Avrilionis
   Compellio S.A.
   Email: denis@compell.io


   Thomas Hardjono
   MIT Connection Science
   Email: hardjono@mit.org
